what we have here is our bike yet which
is a traveling display which allows
people to try several stock fires in our
adjustable power ok our stock set of
handlebars we are limited to one
adjustment and that is literally this
you can go up or down not only is my
wrist bent too far this way look what
happens when I adjust it up
that's pinning full that's no better and
the reach is too far I can feel in my
lower back and also when you make a turn
your upper body is too far over and this
is especially true for people that don't
have a lot of upper body strength when
they are over like this making a sharp
turn at a parking-lot speed they're in a
they're in a dangerous position they're
not in control of the bike so that this
doesn't work for not only wristing but
also low speed maneuvers these files may
look cool but they're going to kill you
in a long trip and if you ride your bike
continuously day after day this is going
to become a problem you're going to find
yourself holding your hand like this on
the grid it's not comfortable this bar
there's no way to get it closer to you
because as you pull it back it goes down
you push it forward and it comes up too
high and you can try a number of
different bends to try to get close to
this but this is not going to change on
any of them and will take incredible
Eisenbeis up in our little bike get here
will show your body design not to be
traditional but to be real real
comfortable now while this design which
looks kinda like a t-bob might not be
everyone's cup of tea there's a reason
for the looks and we certainly refine
the looks we didn't want this thing to
look like just a mechanical piece of
joint once we got this to the point
where we were comfortable with its
parents the real function of this shines
through and you can see the first thing
right off the bat my hand fits on there
without any turning this way of that
reads it completely neutral and at this
point I can push the entire unit forward
without even changing that angle so when
I get the setback right which for me
is about right there very comfortable
hand just drop right on I can make some
my new changes rotating this way so
we've got a pivot here we've got a pivot
here you have a pivot here the fourth
pivot is here when we loosen these two
screws we can actually adjust our levers
up and down so it is truly three
dimensionally adjustable you can find
the set back which you can't do with
that other start bar just your wrist
angles and find that sweet spot so now
we talked these factory clamps down okay
with tight there now we've got two other
rotations to work with here and
underneath we have two bolts here which
you would loosen up there Allen socket
heads we would loosen these and make
this adjustment and then we've got a
left and a right independent adjustment
here which allows us to swing the bar in
and out now for the up-and-down motion
these bars are key together through this
cross bar which has a set of teeth on
both sides when we assemble this upper
portion so these always stay in line so
they mirrored perfect however the left
and right are somewhat random and you
can certainly adjust them just to what
feels best but for people that like
everything to be perfect and you may not
be able to see this in the picture but
there are small little index marks here
and what you do is you align the edge of
this piece to one line that feels good
and then you just mirror it over and
connect into that index mark so that
gets us so we're nice and even left and
right and hopefully you're real comfy by
the time you get to that there are a
total of eight bolts that need to be
checked and torqued before you go out
for a ride for whatever reason if you
forgot to tighten something you might
get on the road and put the brake on and
scare yourself even if these are loose
the bar will only move so far and then
it mechanically locks the same within
the rearward position and even if this
bolt was to fall out there's a cap down
here that will not allow this to
disengage or to move out of its limiting
dogs so there's a great deal of safety
that was engineered into this product I
just want to explain in a little more
detail
the two fundamental ingredients of the
safety features of this product what we
considered two of the most critical
areas was what's actually in your hand
controlling the motorcycle how that
could affect someone's safety not only
just going down the robot in emergency
situation if they forgot to tighten the
rotating joint properly or didn't
tighten enough and over time it starts
to become loose and these two components
here these are unfinished on chrome
pieces but they're designed to fit
together in such a way that regardless
of how much you tighten this the Bob
will only move so much in that direction
and only so far back so it's limited in
how much it can move you can see the
motion there it stops and going forward
it stops it won't go any further than
that so even if the clamp bolt fell out
this couldn't disengage and stop moving
and and you know eliminate that stop
safety feature what there is located on
the bottom is this cap which has a piece
of hardware that attaches it and this is
torqued up now the bot can still move
freely but it can only go to those
extremes and will stop so should this
loosen up when you're riding it won't be
all over the place you can still control
the machine and once you get this all
adjusted which for me is above right
there perfect
you know tighten it down and you're off
for a ride you want people to be
comfortable and feel safe and that is
the horizon buy comfort without
compromise
you